How to Install Git on Windows
Let us now look at the various steps in the install git:

Step 1:
Download the latest version of Git and choose the 64/32 bit version. After the file is downloaded, install it in the system. Once installed, select Launch the Git Bash, then click on finish. The Git Bash is now launched.

Step 2:
Check the Git version:

$ git --version
Step 3:
For any help, use the following command:

$ git help config
This command will lead you to a browser of config commands. Basically, the help the command provides a manual from the help page for the command just following it (here, it's config).

Another way to use the same command is as follows:

$ git config --help
Step 4:
Create a local directory using the following command:

$ mkdir test

$ cd test

Step 5:
The next step is to initialize the directory:

$ git init
Step 6:
Go to the folder where "test" is created and create a text document named "demo." Open "demo" and put any content, like "Hello Simplilearn." Save and close the file.

Step 7:
Enter the Git bash interface and type in the following command to check the status:

$ git status
Step 8:
Add the "demo" to the current directory using the following command:

$ git add demo.txt
Step 9:
Next, make a commit using the following command:

$ git commit -m "committing a text file"
Step 10:
Link the Git to a Github Account:

$ git config --global user.username
Note: simplilearn-github is the username on the Github account.

Step 11:
Open your Github account and create a new repository with the name "test_demo" and click on "Create repository." This is the remote repository. Next, copy the link of "test_demo."

Step 12:
Go back to Git bash and link the remote and local repository using the following command:

$ git remote add origin <link>

Step 13:
Push the local file onto the remote repository using the following command:

$ git push origin master
Step 14:
Move back to Github and click on "test_demo" and check if the local file "demo.txt" is pushed to this repository.

Clone a GitHub Repository
Initially you need to click the options repository on GitHub. 
Then in the top right corner, click the option clone or download where a small drop-down box will appear having a URL for cloning over HTTPS. 
Then enter into your Powershell windows and write clone URL as:
git clone repository_url 
On the other hand, you can clone a github repository with SSH URLs where first you need to generate an SSH key pair on your windows workstation as well as need to assign a public key to your GitHub account. 

